see Victor one two
[Music]
nice sweetheart where are you Citigroup
as you get back oh one more thing I
wanted I'm about to finally took today
[Music]
leave me a message or text me back
hi sweetheart just checking in cuz it
looks like you already left for school
this morning hey Margo dad again why did
you leave your laptop at home I haven't
been able to reach Margo wait you can't
find Margo Study Group only one till
nine she said it was going all night no
she definitely left that night
authorities are asking anyone with
information please called a hotline for
911 update means whenever you learn
something does she mention anything
unusual going on not really that close
did you guys are friends I know she has
friends right she keeps to herself a lot
easier lunch alone on Thursday everyday
she made an outgoing transaction of
$2,500 Margaux picked up an idea three
days ago that doesn't make any sense
it's time to start considering that
Margaux ran away I know my daughter she
did not run away a saint best place in
the world to do nothing this is your
keychain you told me she ran away
the vehicle was discovered late last
night
twenty-five hundred dollars in cash was
found something doesn't add up
when considered it was an absolute
stranger you can't see clearly all I'm
trying to do is to help you find
we need nothing from you
missing
[Music]